Update release process doc (#147)
streamnative/pulsarctl: docs/en/release_process.md

The steps for releasing are as follows:

> 1. Prepare for releasing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Prepare for a release
```

2. Create the release branch

> 3. Promote the release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Push the release
```

4. Write a release note
5. Check the release
6. Announce the release

## Steps in detail

> #### 1. Prepare for releasing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Prepare for release.
```

> Create a new milestone and move those pull requests that can not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a new milestone and move the pull requests that can not
```

> publish in this release to the new milestone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be published in this release to the new milestone.
```

> Update the VERSION file and stable.txt file to the new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the information of the new release to the `VERSION file` and `stable.txt file` and send a PR for requesting the changes.
```

> And send a pull request for updating the files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> #### 2. Create the release branch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Create the release branch
```

```

3. Push the release

```shell
# Push both the branch and the tag to Github repo
$ git push origin branch-x.y.z
$ git push origin vx.y.z
```

4. Publish a release note

Check the milestone in GitHub associated with the release. 

In the released item, add the list of the most important changes 
that happened in the release and a link to the associated milestone,
with the complete list of all the changes. 

Update the release draft at [the release homepage of pulsarctl](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsarctl/releases)

Then the release draft, binary, and command doc will be published
 o that release automatically.

5. Check the release

(1) Visit the Pulsarctl website https://streamnative.io/docs/pulsarctl/vx.y.z/ to
check the docs have been published successfully. `vx.y.z` is the version of the
release. For example, https://streamnative.io/docs/publisctl/v0.1.0/.

(2) Use the install command `sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamnative/pulsarctl/master/install.sh)"`
to install the Pulsarctl and make sure the version of the downloaded Pulsarctl is right.

(3) Add the latest version to the `Available Release` in `README.md`.

> (4) Delete the previous milestone.

Reviewer 2: why do we delete the previous milestone?

Author: I think the old version has been released. There are no pull requests that need to merge to the previous milestone.  So the previous milestone is useless, right?

Author: Ah. It should be close, not delete. Will fix

6. Announce the release

> After publishing and checking the release, work with Growth to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After publishing and checking the release, work with Growth team to
```

$ git checkout -b branch-0.1.X origin/master
```

> #### 3. Create and push the release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Push the release
```

```shell
# Create a tag
$ git tag -u $USER@streamnative.io v0.1.X -m 'Release v0.1.X'

# Push both the branch and the tag to Github repo
$ git push origin branch-0.1.X
$ git push origin v0.1.X
```

> #### 4. Publish a release note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Publish a release note
```

Update the release draft at [the release homepage of pulsarctl](https://github.com/streamnative/pulsarctl/releases)

> Then publish the release draft, the binary and commands doc will auto publish to that release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then the release draft, the binary, and the command doc will be published to that release automatically.
```

> #### 5. Check the release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Check the release
```

> View the doc site https://streamnative.io/docs/pulsarctl/vx.y.z/ to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(1) Visit [Puslarctl website](https://streamnative.io/docs/pulsarctl/vx.y.z/) to
```

check the docs have been published successfully.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`vx.y.z` is the version of the release. For example, https://streamnative.io/docs/pulsarctl/v0.1.0/.
```

> Use the `install.sh` to install the Pulsarctl and make sure the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(2) Use the install command (`sh -c "$(curl -fsSL https://raw.githubusercontent.com/streamnative/pulsarctl/master/install.sh)"`) to install the Pulsarctl and make sure the
```

> version of the download Pulsarctl is right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
version of the downloaded Pulsarctl is right.
```

> Add the latest version to the `Available Release` in `README.md`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(3) Add the latest version to the `Available Release` in `README.md`.
```

> Delete the previous milestone.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(4) Delete the previous milestone.
```

> #### 6. Announce the release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Announce the release
```

> After publishing and checking the release. Please work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After publishing and checking the release, work
```

> with Growth to announce we are release the new version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with Growth to announce that a new version of Pulsarctl is released.
```

> of the Pulsarctl.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```
